auricular acupuncture or ear acupuncture
is a specialized acupuncture survey
where every points on the outer ear of
using either leaders or electro
acupuncture scoffs yeah as many as 200
at the points on the altar year each
point name generally after areas of the
anatomy such as knees hips shoulders
lungs liver heart and so on the altar
ear acts like a switch pull to the plane
each every point on the ear wench it
triggers electrical impulses from the
ear whereas a brain to the specific area
of the body that is being treated
therefore if someone has asthma by
cheating the lens points on the ear it's
a word hair too easy asthma Oracle
acupuncture pertains to micro
acupuncture the features of this
technique is that the stimulation is
more painful but tiny tech leaders can
be placed on the earlobe for stimulation
with a longer period such as three to
five days also all ocular misery
manipulation user does not interfere
with surgical operation during
acupuncture anesthesia this is the
reason why are you color acupuncture is
one of some